the only side they've already danced
before so I was pretty nervous you know
thinking this up maybe a few beers in
the club quiet corner trying to move it
or but I will say dance I've had days
where I woke enough and it's coming to
consciousness as a horrible nightmare
another days when I thought yes I just
have to stretch my foot and away I go I
know the reaction I'm gonna get when I
tell people I'm gonna get absolutely
ripped by my ex police mates and my
teammates from the Army I'm gonna
get absolutely by them I love the
program for me I want to learn a new
skill learn to dance and I'm being a
competition looking forward to every
aspect of Strictly the whole costume
things you know it's all spray tans and
sparkles because I love sit down and say
I never really had dancing lessons this
is a real deal and the opportunity comes
only I guess once in a lifetime I am
definitely ready to put the hours in
there's nothing like blind terror to
make you work hard for me more than
anything it's about really having fun
everyone thinks that I'm gonna be really
competitive because I'm an Olympic
athlete
I think the raciest thing we've ever
done on breakfast is that
so this is a complete contrast I've
watched this show for the last few years
and loved it feels like a dream like
it's really exciting when the racing
world finds out that I'm so aligned up
for this yeah they've probably laughed
their heads off
we're having so much fun already it
certainly will be a bit of a shock for
some people that I might be able to hold
a bit of ribbon together at the end of
that I'm looking forward to the journey
to learn yeah I'm gonna dance super a 40
million people and completely humiliate
myself I'm just gonna have to work
really hard that is the bottom line I'm
gonna have to really work hard ramps as
David Gough is done it now I'm here to
just show that you know we're not all
ballroom King don't even know watch our
charts Ari's I was born with rhythm I'm
going to beat the rock jig on straight